"Software is eating the world." — Marc Andreessen
"Move fast and break things." — Mark Zuckerberg
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." — Donald Knuth
"There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." — Phil Karlton
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." — Linus Torvalds
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." — Alan Kay
"Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." — Edward V. Berard
"The most damaging phrase in the language is: 'It's always been done that way.'" — Grace Hopper
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." — Pablo Picasso
"It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow." — Craig Bruce
"The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." — Grady Booch
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." — Hal Abelson
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." — Arthur C. Clarke
"The Internet is the first thing that humanity has built that humanity doesn't understand." — Eric Schmidt
"The best error message is the one that never shows up." — Thomas Fuchs
"Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships." — Linus Torvalds
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." — Kent Beck
"Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." — John Woods
"Software and cathedrals are much the same — first we build them, then we pray." — Sam Redwine
"The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there." — Gordon Bell
"Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file." — Louis Srygley
"The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." — Anonymous
"Deleted code is debugged code." — Jeff Sickel
"In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they are not." — Yogi Berra
"There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses." — Bjarne Stroustrup
"Java is to JavaScript what car is to carpet." — Chris Heilmann
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place." — Brian Kernighan
"It's not a bug — it's an undocumented feature." — Anonymous
"Hardware: the parts of a computer that can be kicked." — Jeff Pesis
"If we want users to like our software, we should design it to behave like a likable person." — Alan Cooper
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." — Steve Jobs
"Get your data structures correct first, and the rest of the program will write itself." — David Jones
"The best way to learn to code is by writing code." — Linus Torvalds
"To iterate is human, to recurse divine." — L. Peter Deutsch
"There are two ways of constructing a software design: one is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies; the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies." — C. A. R. Hoare
"Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do." — Donald Knuth
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." — Cory House
"You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families." — Jim McCarthy
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." — John Johnson
"Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes." — Oscar Wilde
"Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering." — Bill Gates
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." — Bill Gates
"Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn." — Satya Nadella
"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." — Michelangelo
"You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created." — Albert Einstein
"Done is better than perfect." — Sheryl Sandberg
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish." — Steve Jobs
"Build something 100 people love, not something 1 million people kind of like." — Brian Chesky
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." — Steve Jobs
