"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works." — Steve Jobs
"Make it simple, but significant." — Don Draper
"Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent." — Joe Sparano
"Everything is design. Everything." — Paul Rand
"Design is intelligence made visible." — Alina Wheeler
"The details are not the details. They make the design." — Charles Eames
"Less, but better." — Dieter Rams
"Form follows function." — Louis Sullivan
"Design is thinking made visual." — Saul Bass
"If you think good design is expensive, you should look at the cost of bad design." — Ralf Speth
"A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, it's not that good." — Martin LeBlanc
"Design is where science and art break even." — Robin Mathew Rajan
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." — Leonardo da Vinci
"The function of design is letting design function." — Micha Commeren
"People ignore design that ignores people." — Frank Chimero
"Design creates culture. Culture shapes values. Values determine the future." — Robert L. Peters
"Design adds value faster than it adds costs." — Joel Spolsky
"Design is the silent ambassador of your brand." — Paul Rand
"Stop, look around, then design." — Stefan Sagmeister
"Don't make me think." — Steve Krug
"Good design is good business." — Thomas Watson Jr.
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." — Kent Beck
"Where you innovate, how you innovate, and what you innovate are design problems." — Tim Brown
"Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable." — Donna Karan
"Design is so simple, that's why it's so complicated." — Paul Rand
"Practice safe design: use a concept." — Petrula Vrontikis
"Design is intelligence made visible." — Alina Wheeler
"Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design." — Charles Eames
"You can't always be original, but you can always be authentic." — Aaron Draplin
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them." — Ernest Hemingway (often quoted in design)
"Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please." — Mark Twain
"Anything you build on a large scale or with intense passion invites chaos." — Francis Ford Coppola
"Design is choosing." — Edward Tufte
"Above all, do no harm." — Hippocrates (as applied to UX)
"Design is where the rubber meets the road." — Tim Brown
"Designers are meant to be loved, not to be understood." — Marshall McLuhan
"A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools." — Douglas Adams
"You don't have to be a graphic designer to see how good design is. You just have to see what you like." — Massimo Vignelli
"Have no fear of perfection — you'll never reach it." — Salvador Dalí
"Make the invisible visible." — Saul Bass
"Design is so much more than what you see." — Tobias Frere-Jones
"Design must be functional, and functionality must be translated into visual aesthetics, without any reliance on gimmicks that have to be explained." — Ferdinand Porsche
"Good design is good business." — Thomas Watson Jr.
"The role of design is to make the world a more thoughtful place." — Naoto Fukasawa
"Constraints can be inspiring." — Jonathan Ive
"Less is only more when more is no good." — Frank Lloyd Wright
"Design is to design a design to produce a design." — John Heskett
"Design is the conscious effort to impose a meaningful order." — Victor Papanek
"Design is a journey of discovery." — Charles Eames
"Design without discipline is anarchy, an exercise of irresponsibility." — Massimo Vignelli
"Type is a beautiful group of letters, not a group of beautiful letters." — Matthew Carter
